demux: add `--demuxer-hysteresis-bytes` (#17890)
mpv-player/mpv: DOCS/man/options.rst

    The default value is 0 seconds, which disables the caching hysteresis. A
    value of 10 seconds probably works well for most usecases.

``--demuxer-hysteresis-bytes=<bytesize>``
    Same as ``--demuxer-hysteresis-secs``, but specifies the hysteresis in
    bytes of forward buffered data instead of seconds. Once the demuxer limit
    is reached, the demuxer will not buffer ahead again until the amount of
    forward buffered data drops to this value.

    This option is useful for streams with variable or unknown bitrate, where
    a byte-based threshold is more meaningful than a time-based one. It can
    also be combined with ``--demuxer-hysteresis-secs``. In that case, the

>     demuxer resumes buffering as soon as either threshold is met.

Reviewer: This is a bit misleading. Reaching either threshold *allows* the buffering to resume, but it may not actually do so depending on other factors.

```suggestion
    also be combined with ``--demuxer-hysteresis-secs``. In that case buffering
    can resume when either threshold is reached.
```

Author: applied, thanks
